app.options('*',(req,res,next)=>{
    res.header('Access-Control-Allow-Origin','*');
    res.header('Access-Control-Allow-Methods','PUT,POST,GET,OPTIONS');
    res.header('Access-Control-Allow-Headers','Authorization,Content-Length,X-Requested-With');
    res.send(200);
}); explain it in detail 

This part of the code is handling the OPTIONS requests for all routes using the app.options() method.

1).The OPTIONS method is a part of the HTTP protocol and is often used in conjunction with Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS). CORS is a mechanism that allows restricted resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside the domain from which the first resource was served.

Here's a breakdown of what this middleware does:

app.options('*'...): This line specifies that the OPTIONS method handler will be triggered for all routes ('*'). This means that whenever an OPTIONS request is received by the server, this middleware will handle it, regardless of the specific route.

(req, res, next) => {...}: This is an arrow function that defines the handler for the OPTIONS method. It takes three parameters: req (the request object), res (the response object), and next (a callback function to pass control to the next middleware in the stack).

res.header(...): This line sets the CORS-related headers in the response. These headers are crucial for allowing cross-origin requests. Here's what each header does:

'Access-Control-Allow-Origin': '*': This header specifies which origins are allowed to access the server's resources. In this case, the wildcard '*' means that any origin is allowed.
'Access-Control-Allow-Methods': 'PUT, POST, GET, OPTIONS': This header lists the HTTP methods that are allowed when accessing the server's resources from a different origin. It includes PUT, POST, GET, and OPTIONS methods.
'Access-Control-Allow-Headers': 'Authorization, Content-Length, X-Requested-With': This header specifies which HTTP headers can be used when making the actual request. It includes Authorization, Content-Length, and X-Requested-With headers.
res.send(200): This line sends a response with the HTTP status code 200, indicating that the request was successful.

Overall, this middleware sets up the necessary CORS headers to allow cross-origin requests for the specified methods and headers, and it responds with a status code of 200.




         OPTIONS methods?


The OPTIONS method in HTTP is used to determine the HTTP methods (such as GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.) supported by a server for a specific URL. It's often utilized as part of Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) to determine whether a cross-origin request is allowed by the server before actually sending the main request.

Here's a detailed explanation of how the OPTIONS method works:

Pre-flight Requests: Before making certain types of requests across different origins (i.e., from one domain to another), modern web browsers may first send an OPTIONS request to the target server to determine if the actual request is allowed from the origin domain. This is known as a pre-flight request.

Request Headers: The OPTIONS request may include additional headers, such as Origin, Access-Control-Request-Method, and Access-Control-Request-Headers. These headers provide information about the origin of the request, the HTTP method being used for the actual request (e.g., GET, POST), and any custom headers that will be sent with the main request.

Server Response: The server then responds to the OPTIONS request with appropriate CORS headers, including:

Access-Control-Allow-Origin: Specifies which origins are allowed to access the server's resources. It can be a specific origin or the wildcard '*' to allow any origin.
Access-Control-Allow-Methods: Specifies the HTTP methods that are allowed when accessing the server's resources from a different origin.
Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Specifies which HTTP headers can be used when making the actual request.
Other CORS-related headers like Access-Control-Allow-Credentials, Access-Control-Max-Age, etc., might also be included depending on the server configuration.
Main Request: After receiving a satisfactory response to the OPTIONS request, the browser may proceed with sending the main request (e.g., GET, POST) to the server.

The purpose of the OPTIONS method in CORS is to allow servers to specify which origins, methods, and headers are permitted for cross-origin requests. This helps prevent unauthorized access to sensitive resources while still allowing legitimate cross-origin requests when needed.